mini Mac truck build part 4 think of
dyslexia numbers
anyhow it's about the eight Saturday the
vehicle I think so
approximate on this well three months
six if granny Oriya started but less
than three months because I've had a
week off in a bit two weeks off anyway
about three months giver Tigger an hour
or six so I'm busy flaring up the bonnet
kind of get some paint on got my stacks
just a vote sorted I call them Hendrix
pipes as in Jimi Hendrix reach for the
sky so we've got the Hendrix pipes on
I'm under subtracting on another tank
where it's ten liters small on either
side which doesn't matter
notice it's got a pin hole in it so I'll
have to take that up I've made my tray
frame because it's winning another few
boards on the back and the torch I got
some stainless in until we're
getting forwarded to do the front bumper
and I'm trying to get somebody to do my
back guards which are really awkward
because they're ruled with a bull nose
edge and I can't point anybody who can
do it the front guards are kind of
probably be fiberglass I got some bigger
wheels for the front got some five and a
half's instead of four and a half so
then wheelbarrow wheels have gone and I
might be able to get a an eight to five
tire on there which would be good got
some batteries today my seat brackets
all in
yeah she's gonna look very salubrious
I'm gonna make a dummy windscreen this
screen is all scratched I've wrecked it
missing the wrong film I need a new
screen but I've got a new rubber on
there and the glass guys came and put
upstairs windows in in my back wooden to
win but the sad thing is Sean from the
glass guys got kids on his bike when I
was away on holidays I didn't know Sean
for sure wasn't gonna cut he was real
good sort got my spare wheel carry I
made trays made them bumpers are gonna
be sandblasted painted gone there but
I'll either go on their stupid
Pittsburgh go on there
I made some conical reduces for they're
still not sure what color will gonna
paint it yet so need another pair of
tank brackets for the other side get the
tank on you know thing in there for the
gauge thank God so you see I might do
them in a glass trick to do so trying to
get the thing weather tight need some
mini mark one and more two door rubbers
seems of lost and transaction so lost
all this which is a P which might
find that so anemic boy getting it yet
because it's got about two big tins of
filler in it
see that dogs gonna have to do for now
but this plenty room in here to put a
six by or more in when I get a bit of
sponsorship when it's on the road I
trimmed all these back a bit tidy them
up didn't like the sharp corner so keep
banging squeaking head on it so looking
for a mini screen
mini mark one mark two door rubbers
complete we'll be putting bigger tires
on the front mini grill they have got
lights I've got winkers or under mini
bumper need a mini bumper on there still
haven't deviate and what color to do it
some people see camouflage and make it
look like a red army tank transporter